README.markdown, before:

GoTidy
======
Simple package that wraps [libtidy](http://tidy.sourceforge.net/).

## Install Package

	go get github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy

And import into your program like so:

	import "github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy"

## Install Example Binary

	go get github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy/gotidy

Example usage of example binary:

	$ echo "<html><body><p>Rad" | gotidy

## Example

	package main

	import (
		"fmt"
		"log"
		"github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy"
	)

	func main() {

		// Create an instance of Tidy
		t := tidy.New()
		defer t.Free()

		// Set our options
		t.OutputXml(true)
		t.AddXmlDecl(true)
		t.QuoteAmpersand(true)
		t.TidyMark(false)

		// Tidy our source HTML!
		output, err := t.Tidy("<title id='bob' class='frank'>Welcome</title><p>Hello, 世界</p><p>Foo!")
		if err != nil {
			log.Fatal(err, output)
		}
		fmt.Println(output)
	}		

The package if very straight forward: simply create an instance of Tidy using New(), set the options you want and
then call the Tidy() instance method, passing it the string of HTML to tidy. The Tidy() method returns the output
(if any) and maybe an Error object.
	
Thanks
------
Thanks obviously to Dave Raggett for the awesome HTML Tidy library.
Thanks to Evan Shaw, Gustavo Niemeyer, Matt Kane's Brain and TJ Yang for help on [golang-nuts](http://groups.google.com/group/golang-nuts)
Thanks to shark and remy-o on irc.freenode.net#go-nuts with some of the trickier C casting stuff

To-do
-----
* Modify Tidy() method to accept Reader interface
* MOAR Documentation!
* Unit Tests ya fool!

Commit message:

Added additional docs for compiling lib tidy as shared lib under OSX

README.markdown, after:

GoTidy
======
Simple package that wraps [libtidy](http://tidy.sourceforge.net/).

## Install Package
GoTidy uses CGO to link to Libtidy. Libtidy must be a shared library. OSX Lion comes with Libtidy, but it is a static library which will cause all sorts of problems. See below about compiling Tidy as a shared library under OSX.

	go get github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy

And import into your program like so:

	import "github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy"

## Install Example Binary

	go get github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy/gotidy

Example usage of example binary:

	$ echo "<html><body><p>Rad" | gotidy

## Example

	package main

	import (
		"fmt"
		"log"
		"github.com/JalfResi/GoTidy"
	)

	func main() {

		// Create an instance of Tidy
		t := tidy.New()
		defer t.Free()

		// Set our options
		t.OutputXml(true)
		t.AddXmlDecl(true)
		t.QuoteAmpersand(true)
		t.TidyMark(false)

		// Tidy our source HTML!
		output, err := t.Tidy("<title id='bob' class='frank'>Welcome</title><p>Hello, 世界</p><p>Foo!")
		if err != nil {
			log.Fatal(err, output)
		}
		fmt.Println(output)
	}		

The package if very straight forward: simply create an instance of Tidy using New(), set the options you want and
then call the Tidy() instance method, passing it the string of HTML to tidy. The Tidy() method returns the output
(if any) and maybe an Error object.

Compiling Libtidy as a shared library under OSX
-----------------------------------------------
This is relatively easy to do. Simply download the Tidy source code, and compile as per the following instructions. This has been known to work under OSX Lion.

	sh build/gnuauto/setup.sh && ./configure && make
	make install

Note that you will either need to run make install as root, or with sudo make install.

Thanks
------
Thanks obviously to Dave Raggett for the awesome HTML Tidy library.
Thanks to Evan Shaw, Gustavo Niemeyer, Matt Kane's Brain and TJ Yang for help on [golang-nuts](http://groups.google.com/group/golang-nuts)
Thanks to shark and remy-o on irc.freenode.net#go-nuts with some of the trickier C casting stuff

To-do
-----
* Modify Tidy() method to accept Reader interface
* MOAR Documentation!
* Unit Tests ya fool!
